Infinite sheds haydavies mod (#1668)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/whatsnew/v0.9.5.rst

* Added the optional `string_factor` parameter to
  :py:func:`pvlib.snow.loss_townsend` (:issue:`1636`, :pull:`1653`)

> * Added `haydavies` sky-diffuse transposition model to
>   :py:func:`pvlib.bifacial.infinite_sheds.get_irradiance` and
>   :py:func:`pvlib.bifacial.infinite_sheds.get_irradiance_poa`
>   (:pull:`1668`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an optional ``model`` parameter to
  :py:func:`pvlib.bifacial.infinite_sheds.get_irradiance` and
  :py:func:`pvlib.bifacial.infinite_sheds.get_irradiance_poa`
  to enable use of the hay-davies sky diffuse irradiance model
  instead of the default isotropic model. (:pull:`1668`)
```
